SETUP.md, before:

# Nylas Use Case Samples

**⚠️ Warning: This repo is not meant for use in production and stability is not fully guaranteed.**

Explore working front-end and back-end sample code using an integration with Nylas.

The sample application redirects to Nylas' hosted authentication page. Once authenticated, it allows the user to interact with Nylas' APIs from a web client.

## ⚙️ Environment Setup

Let’s check that our environment is set up to use the [Nylas Use Cases](https://github.com/nylas/use-cases). Check the Node version in your terminal:

```bash
node -v
```

If you don’t see a version returned, you may not have Node installed. Try the following steps:

1. Visit [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/) to set up Node on your machine

The minimum required Node version is `v18.0.0`. As a quick check, try running `node -v` again to confirm the version. You may need to restart your terminal for the changes to take effect.

## ⚡️ App Setup

1. Installation

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Run code - starts server + opens browser to `localhost:3000`

   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```

Commit message:

feat(send-emails): python backend app (#103)
* feat(send-emails): python flask example

* chore: update .gitignore for python

* feat(send-emails): update python documentation

* chore: update gitignore for python

* chore(send-emails): update python readme

* feat(send-emails): update python env config

* feat(send-emails): update python webhooks

* build(send-emails): update python requirements

* feat: add python and OS config to setup script

* chore: update python docs

* feat(python): whitelist client uri

SETUP.md, after:

# Nylas Use Case Samples

**⚠️ Warning: This repo is not meant for use in production and stability is not fully guaranteed.**

Explore working front-end and back-end sample code using an integration with Nylas.

The sample application redirects to Nylas' hosted authentication page. Once authenticated, it allows the user to interact with Nylas' APIs from a web client.

## ⚙️ Environment Setup

Let’s check that our environment is set up to use the [Nylas Use Cases](https://github.com/nylas/use-cases). Check the Node version in your terminal:

```bash
node -v
```

If you don’t see a version returned, you may not have Node installed. Try the following steps:

1. Visit [nodejs.org](https://nodejs.org/en/) to set up Node on your machine

The minimum required Node version is `v18.0.0`. As a quick check, try running `node -v` again to confirm the version. You may need to restart your terminal for the changes to take effect.

### Python

If choosing a `python` backend for your demo application, please make sure you have `python 3.7` or higher installed. Check your installation with:

```
python3 --version
```

## ⚡️ App Setup

1. Installation

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Run code - starts server + opens browser to `localhost:3000`

   ```bash
   npm run start
   ```
